CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing Guidelines

Welcome to Kubernetes. We are excited about the prospect of you joining our [community](https://git.k8s.io/community)! The Kubernetes community abides by the CNCF [code of conduct](code-of-conduct.md). Here is an excerpt:

_As contributors and maintainers of this project, and in the interest of fostering an open and welcoming community, we pledge to respect all people who contribute through reporting issues, posting feature requests, updating documentation, submitting pull requests or patches, and other activities._

## Getting Started

We have full documentation on how to get started contributing here:

<!---
If your repo has certain guidelines for contribution, put them here ahead of the general k8s resources
-->

- [Contributor License Agreement](https://git.k8s.io/community/CLA.md) - Kubernetes projects require that you sign a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) before we can accept your pull requests
- [Kubernetes Contributor Guide](https://k8s.dev/guide) - Main contributor documentation, or you can just jump directly to the [contributing page](https://k8s.dev/docs/guide/contributing/)
- [Contributor Cheat Sheet](https://k8s.dev/cheatsheet) - Common resources for existing developers

## Mentorship

- [Mentoring Initiatives](https://k8s.dev/community/mentoring) - We have a diverse set of mentorship programs available that are always looking for volunteers!

<!---
Custom Information - if you're copying this template for the first time you can add custom content here, for example:

## Contact Information

- [Slack channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/kubernetes-users) - Replace `kubernetes-users` with your slack channel string, this will send users directly to your channel. 
- [Mailing list](URL)
-->

Commit message:

Update documentation with project details (#1)
Co-authored-by: David Tesar <david.tesar@microsoft.com>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing Guidelines

NOTE: mboersma/cluster-api-charts is not an official Kubernetes project, but it hopes to be if the community finds such a chart repository useful. This project complies with Kubernetes community standards and guidelines.

Welcome to Kubernetes. We are excited about the prospect of you joining our [community](https://git.k8s.io/community)! The Kubernetes community abides by the CNCF [code of conduct](code-of-conduct.md). Here is an excerpt:

_As contributors and maintainers of this project, and in the interest of fostering an open and welcoming community, we pledge to respect all people who contribute through reporting issues, posting feature requests, updating documentation, submitting pull requests or patches, and other activities._

## Getting Started

We have full documentation on how to get started contributing here:

<!---
If your repo has certain guidelines for contribution, put them here ahead of the general k8s resources
-->

- [Contributor License Agreement](https://git.k8s.io/community/CLA.md) - Kubernetes projects require that you sign a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) before we can accept your pull requests
- [Kubernetes Contributor Guide](https://k8s.dev/guide) - Main contributor documentation, or you can just jump directly to the [contributing page](https://k8s.dev/docs/guide/contributing/)
- [Contributor Cheat Sheet](https://k8s.dev/cheatsheet) - Common resources for existing developers

## Mentorship

- [Mentoring Initiatives](https://k8s.dev/community/mentoring) - We have a diverse set of mentorship programs available that are always looking for volunteers!

<!---
Custom Information - if you're copying this template for the first time you can add custom content here, for example:

## Contact Information

- [Slack channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/kubernetes-users) - Replace `kubernetes-users` with your slack channel string, this will send users directly to your channel. 
- [Mailing list](URL)
-->
