README.md, before:

# Kubernetes Template Project

The Kubernetes Template Project is a template for starting new projects in the GitHub organizations owned by Kubernetes. All Kubernetes projects, at minimum, must have the following files:

- a `README.md` outlining the project goals, sponsoring sig, and community contact information
- an `OWNERS` with the project leads listed as approvers ([docs on `OWNERS` files][owners])
- a `CONTRIBUTING.md` outlining how to contribute to the project
- an unmodified copy of `code-of-conduct.md` from this repo, which outlines community behavior and the consequences of breaking the code
- a `LICENSE` which must be Apache 2.0 for code projects, or [Creative Commons 4.0] for documentation repositories, without any custom content
- a `SECURITY_CONTACTS` with the contact points for the Product Security Team 
  to reach out to for triaging and handling of incoming issues. They must agree to abide by the
  [Embargo Policy](https://git.k8s.io/security/private-distributors-list.md#embargo-policy)
  and will be removed and replaced if they violate that agreement.

## Community, discussion, contribution, and support

Learn how to engage with the Kubernetes community on the [community page](http://kubernetes.io/community/).

You can reach the maintainers of this project at:

- [Slack](https://slack.k8s.io/)
- [Mailing List](https://groups.google.com/a/kubernetes.io/g/dev)

### Code of conduct

Participation in the Kubernetes community is governed by the [Kubernetes Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md).

[owners]: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/guide/owners.md
[Creative Commons 4.0]: https://git.k8s.io/website/LICENSE

Commit message:

Update documentation with project details (#1)
Co-authored-by: David Tesar <david.tesar@microsoft.com>

README.md, after:

# Cluster API Charts

This project contains [Helm](https://helm.sh/) charts for [Cluster API](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api) [infrastructure providers](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/reference/providers) to provision workload clusters.  These charts enable a natural continuation to utilize only `helm` instead of `clusterctl generate` to provision clusters after utilizing the helm chart from the [Cluster API operator install](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/user/quick-start-operator).  These helm charts are also convenient when paired with GitOps for provisioning numerous clusters.

## Community, discussion, contribution, and support

NOTE: This is not an official Kubernetes [sig-cluster-lifecycle](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/sig-cluster-lifecycle/README.md) project, but it hopes to be if the community finds such a chart repository useful. This project complies with Kubernetes community standards and guidelines.

### Code of conduct

Participation in the Kubernetes community is governed by the [Kubernetes Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md).

[owners]: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/guide/owners.md
[Creative Commons 4.0]: https://git.k8s.io/website/LICENSE
